Add a fuel cycle model example and associated documentation. (#82)
idaholab/TMAP8: doc/content/examples/fuel_cycle/index.md

# Fuel Cycle

This demonstration is to re-create the tritium fuel cycle model described by [!cite](Abdou2021). First, we instantiate a mesh

!listing test/tests/fuel-cycle/fuel_cycle.i link=false block=Mesh

> For our purposes this does nothing, but we need to have something as a placeholder to run the rest of the simulation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For our purposes this does nothing, but MOOSE requires a defined mesh as a placeholder to run the rest of the simulation.
```

Finally, we define the [`Postprocessors`](/syntax/Postprocessors) and set their values to those referenced in [!cite](Abdou2021). Because the [`Postprocessors`](/syntax/Postprocessors) are
inputs, not outputs, we must be careful to properly set the [!param](/Postprocessors/ConstantPostprocessor/execute_on) parameter. We also gather the values of the different variables in
 separate [`Postprocessors`](/syntax/Postprocessors) and take their sum to obtain the total tritium inventory.

!listing test/tests/fuel-cycle/fuel_cycle.i link=false block=Postprocessors

Finally, we can set the [`Executioner`](/syntax/Executioner) block. In this case, we ask for a simple [`Transient`](/source/executioners/Transient.html) executioner with an exponentially growing 
[`TimeStepper`](/syntax/Executioner/TimeStepper), [`IterationAdaptiveDT`](/source/timesteppers/IterationAdaptiveDT.html). 

!listing test/tests/fuel-cycle/fuel_cycle.i link=false block=Executioner

With these blocks set, we can now run the simulation and track tritium inventory. Implementing a high-fidelity model to replace the default values of specific postprocessors or to more accurately model 

> specific components is an exercise left for a later date.

Author: I got reasonable results, but have not yet made a concrete comparison to the paper.

> specific components is an exercise left for a later date.

Reviewer: Can you make a new issue noting the need to add a results image and comparison to Abdou's paper, since you mentioned you had it on your list anyway? Would like to make sure it doesn't fall off the radar.

\end{equation}

\begin{equation}
\label{eqn:t5}
\frac{dI_5}{dt} = f_{1-5}\frac{I_1}{\tau_1}  + \frac{I_3}{\tau_3} + \frac{I_4}{\tau_4} - \frac{I_5}{\tau_5} - I_5\lambda
\end{equation}

\begin{equation}
\label{eqn:t6}
\frac{dI_6}{dt} = f_{5-6}(1-f_{5-10})\frac{I_5}{\tau_5} - \frac{I_6}{\tau_6} - I_6\lambda
\end{equation}

\begin{equation}
\label{eqn:t7}
\frac{dI_7}{dt} = (1-\eta_f f_b - f_{p-3} - f_{p-4})\frac{\dot{N}^{-}}{\eta_f f_b} - \frac{I_7}{\tau_7} - I_7\lambda
\end{equation}

\begin{equation}
\label{eqn:t8}
\frac{dI_8}{dt} = \frac{I_7}{\tau_7} - \frac{I_8}{\tau_8} - I_8\lambda
\end{equation}

\begin{equation}
\label{eqn:t9}
\frac{dI_9}{dt} = (1-f_{8-11})\frac{I_8}{\tau_8} + \frac{I_{10}}{\tau_{10}} + \eta_2 \frac{I_2}{\tau_2} + \eta_6 \frac{I_6}{\tau_6} - \frac{I_9}{\tau_9} - I_9\lambda
\end{equation}
\begin{equation}
\label{eqn:t10}
\frac{dI_{10}}{dt} = f_{5-10}\frac{I_5}{\tau_5} + f_{9-10}\frac{I_9}{\tau_9} - \frac{I_{10}}{\tau_{10}} - I_{10}\lambda
\end{equation}
\begin{equation}
\label{eqn:t11}
\frac{dI_{11}}{dt} = f_{8-11}\frac{I_8}{\tau_8} + (1-f_{9-10})\frac{I_9}{\tau_9} - \frac{\dot{N}^{-}}{\eta_f f_b} - I_{11}\lambda
\end{equation}

> 

Reviewer 2: I'm glad fixing this helped us reproduce the results in Abdou 2021!

specific components is an exercise left for a later date.

### Comparing Results against literature

In order to compare against [!cite](Abdou2021), we need to make a few assumptions. First, we set the residence times and other parameters to the values listed in Tables 1-3
(the underlined if there are multiple options). Here we also assume that the "Fuel clean-up and isotope separation system" total residence time of 4 hours as specified in the
paper is broken down into 0.5 hour for the vacuum pump, 1.3 hours for the fuel clean-up system and another 2.2 hours for the isotope separation system.

Targeting the black lines of Figure 3, We also need to determine the appropriate reserve inventory $\frac{\dot{N}^-}{\eta_f f_b}t_r q$, which, given $q=0.25$ and
 $t_r=1\ \text{day}$ comes out to 127.5 kg. With this constraint, we can determine the relevant TBR to obtain a doubling time of 5 years, and iterating by hand, a value of 1.511145 yields a
doubling time of 5 years to three decimal places if `T_11_storage` is given an initial condition of 220.925 as shown in [!ref](assumptions).

Assumptions

> 

Reviewer 2: @ke7kto I see you left this one, any reason?
